# PrivGrid
PrivGrid: Privacy-Preserving Short-term Individual Load Forecasting Service for Smart Grid

We consider a group of smart grid users who demand shortterm load forecasts based on their sensitive smart meter data. A natural solution is to perform a standard MPC function, in which each user plays the role of one party. While this approach achieves our desired privacy features, it is impractical since users must always be online. Hence, a server-aided MPC is introduced into our framework where users distribute their own load data between the two servers (clouds or edges), but do not participate in subsequent computations. 

Using the user Ui as an example for clarity, Ui with his/her smart meter (SM) and a lightweight smart terminal (such as smartphones or other IoT devices); two untrusted but not-colluding servers S0 and S1, with their respective public and private key pairs3, providing rich data services to Ui through a series of efficient two-party secure protocols we designed. Specifically, Ui first uploads two types of ciphertexts of local load data Ei via public key encryption and random masking techniques, ensuring that no server can obtain the real energy consumption data of each user. After collecting all users’ load data in a privacypreserving way, two servers interact on these ciphertexts: the encrypted version for large-scale data clustering, and the masked one for model training and load forecasting. In the end, users are able to recover their personal model parameters of short-term load forecasting or the load forecast values of the target time from the two servers’ shared output.

